# The-generator-is-designed-to-power-the-coils-developed-by-Alexander-Mishin
Sine generator "Prevention".    The generator is designed to power the supplied coils developed by Alexander Mishin. Kit specifications The natural frequency of the coil is 300-310 kHz. The maximum current of the large coil is 250mA The maximum current of the small coil is 120mA. Radiation power adjustment range 25-100% Timer setting 15-60 min. Modulation frequencies - 174 285 396 417 528 631 741 852 963 Hz. Modulation depth 5-10%. The generator is powered by a 9V power supply. Power consumption no more than 3W. Turning on the generator.      Connect the power supply to the generator. The red No Generation LED should light up.   Connect the coil to the generator. Set the timer value in the range of 15-60 minutes (avoid the value "0").   Set the power value to an average level    Press the "Start" button. The yellow LED should light up, signaling the start of timing and start of the generator.   In the absence of faults and the presence of generation, the red LED "No generation" should go out.       Make the desired generator settings.  Warning !!!     According to Alexander Mishin, the method of therapy has wide popular recognition, but is not recognized by state medicine.      The methods of application are distributed by the author of the technique via the Internet. The manufacturer does not advise on the application.     Radiation power for a limited exposure time is not harmful to most adults.  Links https://x-faq.ru/index.php?topic=4265.70 https://vk.com/wall-146772832_14 https://russia-magna.forum2x2.ru/t113-topic
Description of the circuit.
Comment from the author:
        The sine generator "Prophylaxis" is a new model in a series of generators designed to power the coils developed by Alexander Mishin.
      The design is based on an oscillator based on the popular TDA7056A microcircuit. On one half of the operational amplifier U3: A, a stabilizer and a radiation power regulator are assembled. The radiation power is regulated by changing the voltage and current on the coil in the range of 2 times. That corresponds to a 4-fold change in power. The power regulator RV2 can be modulated from the microcontroller U4. Modulation frequencies 174 Hz, 285 Hz, 396 Hz, 417 Hz, 528 Hz, 639 Hz, 741 Hz, 852 Hz, 963 Hz. Modulation operates in the mode of transition to a frequency above the resonant frequency, when the current lags behind the voltage by 30-40 degrees. This is done so that the radiation spectrum during modulation does not fall below the resonant frequency of the coil. The mode is switched on by the switch SW1. You can listen to the modulation frequencies on the light-sound radiation detector included in the kit. From personal observations, these frequencies improve mood, relieve anxiety and promote good sleep.
        On the other half of the operational amplifier U3: B, an operating time timer is assembled. The setting range is from 0 to 60 minutes. When you press the "Start" button, capacitors C4 and C5 are charged and the indicator LED HL2 lights up. The discharge time is regulated by the variable resistor RV1. The timer is analog so its accuracy is not high.
       A built-in generator operation detector is assembled on the VT1 transistor. If it works correctly, the "HL3" LED does not light up. Lights up when the timer expires, an open or short circuit in the coil, or the output frequency is very different from the resonant coils.
     The output voltage signal shows slight sine distortion when the output current passes through "0". Also, small voltage distortions can be at a current of more than 200mA. This is a feature of the TDA7056 chip in this generator and is not a malfunction.
The scheme and design are constantly being improved and may differ.
                   Author.
